Q. What has the physicality of this series been like, especially Game 3?
DRAYMOND GREEN: It's been a physical series. Game 3 was probably definitely the most physical game, but that's usually how it goes. As the series goes on, the deeper you get into the series, the more physical it gets.

Q. You're up 3-0. How do you approach Game 4 and not lose your intensity or become complacent?
DRAYMOND GREEN: Just understand the opportunity that we have. You never know, crazy things that can happen, turn of events in a series that could take place. So you have the opportunity to close out, you want to do that. So you come in, take full advantage of the opportunity in front of us.

Q. Obviously, not your first rodeo. Can you talk about how big of a stage it is playing in the NBA Finals?
DRAYMOND GREEN: It's the biggest stage. It's the best league in the world. Playing and being one of the last two standing and playing in the NBA Finals, it doesn't get any bigger than this.

Q. There obviously could be one game left or four games left. In terms of your technicals, how mindful do you have to be going forward?
DRAYMOND GREEN: Yeah, I don't really care. The way I'm approaching it is one game left, so I've got two to play with for one game.

Q. Steve Kerr had a message for you guys about overconfidence or making sure that what Cleveland has done to guys in the past doesn't happen again?
DRAYMOND GREEN: Yeah, they've never come back from down 3-0, though, so that really hasn't been done. But like I said, we know. We were here last year. A 3-0 lead, and we just kind of laid an egg. So we understand that and you learn from it.

Q. Pusha-T said something like, When everything's clicking like Golden State. Do you feel like everything's clicking right now for you guys?
DRAYMOND GREEN: No, not at all. I don't think we've put our best game together yet, which is encouraging, because what better time to do that than tomorrow? So it's very encouraging that I don't think we've put our best game that we could play together yet.

Q. You talk about the 3-1 comeback. Has that helped you guys sort of form how you approach every game this time around in The Finals?
DRAYMOND GREEN: I think you always try to approach games that way. Just with the mindset of anything can happen, and you take a certain approach going into the game. Obviously with that happening, it gives you a little more focus, for sure.

Q. Steve said that Andre getting the 22 minutes, that was kind of surprising for him to see coming off the two and a half weeks. What impresses you most about when he comes back on the floor? How does that impact your game as far as keeping you fresh?
DRAYMOND GREEN: I was shocked he played as many minutes as well. But we needed every single one of them. He was great for us last night. It looked weird being that he was moving at half speed, but nonetheless, he got it done. He made huge plays down the stretch defensively and offensively, and that's kind of a microcosm of who he is.

He ties things together for us on both ends of the floor. He's kind of that steady piece for us. So it was great to have him back out there, and what he brought to the floor was very key.

Q. Being part of that moment with K.D. and Steph, could you just describe that energy coming out at that moment?
DRAYMOND GREEN: Yeah, I can't really describe it. It was just kind of one of those things where, I don't know. A crazy shot, and you just kind of are reacting to it. I don't know. It was a good moment, though.