Q.  Russell, what did they do differently?  It looked like they were doing something differently in this ballgame against you, keeping you from going where you wanted to go against what you did in the last game?
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  They just attacked the ball.  They did a good job of attacking us on our pick‑and‑roll and attacking the ball and making it tough.

Q.  In the end did it come down to defense from Miami, is that why they're champion?
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  They just found a way to win, man.  I don't think our guys came out and didn't want to defend, but just unfortunate for us and how hard these guys work on this team to get better, how much film we watched to try to stop them.  I don't know what it came down to, but they just were the better team.

Q.  Could you guys both describe what was going on on your bench as the game wound down and why you did it.
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  Just thanking everybody, man, for the support, just going down the line and making sure everybody stayed positive, just making sure everybody knew that we worked hard, and we know what this feeling feels like.  We'll remember this feeling, and that will push everybody in the summer, just try to keep everybody going and keep everybody's heads up.

Q.  Near the end you two and James Harden were standing in the corner, the three guys that are really the hopes of the franchise are pinned on.  What were you guys discussing at that point?
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  Just we've got to get better.  We hugged each other and told each other to embrace this feeling and remember this feeling.  We kind of looked around and just‑‑ we've got to get better.  We've got to be the guys that come back and push everybody next season and just got to get better, man, before we can find a way to get back here.

Q.  Russell, specifically to this game, Kevin hit a shot in the lane to cut it to seven in the third, and they went on a 19‑1 run.  What happened during that stretch?  It seemed like it was getting a little chippy.
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  Well, they hit some tough shots, man.  Kevin, James, guys contested.  Their threes, they hit some rainbow threes that kind of kept them going.
If we get chippy, it's The Finals and guys don't want to go home.  But that wasn't the series in the whole, just from them few possessions.

Q.  Russ, you mentioned how much film and how much work you guys put in even just in this series.  How proud are you of your teammates for sticking together?
RUSSELL WESTBROOK:  Oh, very proud, man, very proud.  I personally want to thank them for believing in me, the whole coaching staff, organization, fans.  They stuck with me, regardless of what I've done and what I do for the team.  And the group of guys that we have always stick together regardless of what happens, win, lose.  We